Couple other things to be aware of when using the name property.
So what I'll do is I go ahead and comment these out and I'll comment back in my do something function
and then just under it all cancel out log do something and then I'm in a bind it like so now then I'm
going to give it a name like so and you're going to see it prefixes any time I use a function with the
bind method it's going to prefix it with bound.
Now on the other hand if I use a constructor function it's going to be a little different.
So in this case it would be a new function like so.
And then after that I would give it a name and it's going to be anonymous.
Now ideally I would wrap this inside of parentheses just to make sure that it evaluates before I access
the name property.
But in any case it'll be anonymous.
And so whenever you make a function using the constructor it's going to be anonymous.
With that being said this unnamed property is meant to give you extra information about your functions
and it's not necessarily meant to give you a reference to the function.
So the Name property may not be equal to for example the name we give our variable right here.
This is just meant to help make debugging easier.